WRQ-5672: Support m3u8 video format for enact video player (#220)
enactjs/samples: sandstone/pattern-video-player-custom/README.md

Videos in [videos.js](src/App/videos.js) are added to VideoPlayer.

If the video format is `m3u8`, you can play it by writing url of the video and mime type as `application/x-mpegURL` in [videos.js](src/App/videos.js).

> We support `m3u8` format using [hls.js](https://github.com/video-dev/hls.js) which is imported in [App.js](src/App/App.js).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use `m3u8` format with enact VideoPlayer in your app, you need to import and use [hls.js](https://github.com/video-dev/hls.js) as in [App.js](src/App/App.js).
```

Author: I accepted your suggestion.

> [App.js](src/App/App.js) brings video information from [videos.js](src/App/videos.js) and bind source and video element in video player depending on mime type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this sample app, [App.js](src/App/App.js) brings video information from [videos.js](src/App/videos.js) and bind source and video element in video player depending on mime type.

```

Author: I accepted your suggestion.
